fix(writing-guidelines): Enhance placeholder text guideline (#38873)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/code_style_guide/index.md

<p>Bad example</p>
```

## Guidelines for using placeholder text

> Use the placeholder lorem-ipsum text generated from [lipsum.com](https://www.lipsum.com/) or the [Lorem ipsum](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.lorem-ipsum) VS Code plugin. The standard loren-ipsum text helps prevent spell-check warnings in editors or during review. Using a consistent placeholder text makes it easier to scan and recognize examples across MDN. It also helps keep examples clearly artificial and avoids distracting readers with realistic or potentially meaningful content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the placeholder lorem-ipsum text generated from [lipsum.com](https://www.lipsum.com/) or the [Lorem ipsum](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.lorem-ipsum) VS Code plugin. The standard lorem-ipsum text is included in our cSpell configuration, so it will not be reported as typos in IDEs or tests during code review. Using a consistent placeholder text makes example code easier to review, especially when used repetitively. It also helps keep examples clearly for illustration purposes and avoids distracting readers with irrelevant content.
```

Author: - I was trying to get around mentioning cspell 🙂. But if we do, should we add a link/location for it?
- Other rephrasing suggestions are excellent, accepting with slight tweaks

```suggestion
Use the placeholder lorem-ipsum text generated from [lipsum.com](https://www.lipsum.com/) or the [Lorem ipsum](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Tyriar.lorem-ipsum) VS Code plugin. The standard lorem-ipsum text is included in our spell-checker configuration ([`.vscode/cspell.json`](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/.vscode/cspell.json)), so it will not be reported as a typo in IDEs or in tests during code review. Using a consistent placeholder text makes example code easier to review, especially when it appears repeatedly. It also helps keep examples clearly for illustration purposes and avoids distracting readers with irrelevant content.
```

Reviewer: Your is better, but I think we can drop the cspell config link, and use your spell-checker suggestion.
